come in mark hi mark
sit down son I need a lawyer what for
tip Murat done then Hyatt you don't need
a lawyer drunk Clifford wasn't really
dead when you found him wasn't wrong we
know he'll and that column are you here
obstruction of justice Norman if I don't
answer your questions I could go to jail
maybe you're right you doing a lawyer
how many cases have you won more than I
lost
how much do you call how much you got
did you attempt to interrogate my plan
uh outside the presence of his mother no
no no I need a lawyer
Murat
you boys attempted to interrogate a
child outside the presence of his mother
without her consent if I need anything
from you boys like the truth well I
expect again I want that kid in court
and honest and mañana you know what I'm
telling you well done you get anywhere
near my client again without my
permission I'm gonna see you and the FBI
for civil rights violations you playing
big league hard volume is love we gotta
get our hands on that child for the
mobster why should he talk if we can't
protect him we talk to the feds
tomorrow I'll kill you and we're playing
enough games here
what did Roman tell you in that car a
man lies dead by his own hands yet this
boy remain silent I wasn't in that car
you know I don't know anything
we need to talk to this child we know
more about your clients actions in you
you sometimes being strong means asking
for him no nothing you got three start
telling me the truth I'm scared